Change/"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future."  - John F. Kennedy/"When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor E. Frankl/"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change." - Albert Einstein/"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude." - Oprah Winfrey/"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." - Barack Obama/"You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination." - Ralph Marston/"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change."  —Jim Rohn/"Life is about change. Sometimes it's painful. Sometimes it's beautiful. But most of the time, it's both." — Lana Lang/"Embrace uncertainty. Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won't have a title until much later." — Bob Goff/"We cannot become what we want by remaining what we are." — Max Depree/"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like." - Lao Tzu/"Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don't belong." — Mandy HaleWork/"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn/"Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson/"Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort." - Franklin D. Roosevelt /"Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work." -Joseph Barbara/"The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it." - Tricia Cunningham/"I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." —Henry David Thoreau /"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle." —Steve Jobs/"The more I want to get something done the less I call it work." — Richard Bach/"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." — Robert CollierFamily/"Families are like fudge – mostly sweet with a few nuts." -Unknown/"Family and friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches. – Wanda Hope Carter/"Think of your family today and every day thereafter, don’t let the busy world of today keep you from showing how much you love and appreciate your family. – Josiah/"Our family is a circle of strength of love with every birth and every union the circle grows." - Unknown/"Family is not defined by our genes, it is built and maintained through love." - Unknown/"This is my family. I found it all on my own. It’s little, and broken, but still good. Yeah. Still good. – Stitch /"Family: A social unit where the father is concerned with parking space, the children with outer space, and the mother with closet space." – Evan Esar /"The family – that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to." – Dodie Smith /"It didn’t matter how big our house was; it mattered that there was love in it." – Peter Buffett/"The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life." – Richard Bach /"Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter." – Brad HenryFriendship/"Family isn’t always blood. It’s the people in your life who want you in theirs; the ones who accept you for who you are. The ones that would do anything to see you smile and who love you no matter what." - Unknown/"Anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you." - Misty Copeland/"A friend is one who overlooks your broken fence and admires the flowers in your garden." - Unknown/"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou/"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart." - Eleanor Roosevelt /"Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they're always there." - Unknown /"There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends." - Jane Austen/"It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter." - Marlene Dietrich/"The only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson/"Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm & constant." - Socrates /"The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart." - Elisabeth Foley Love/"The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. That’s what I hope to give you forever."  — Nicholas Sparks/"The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves."  — Victor Hugo /"All, everything that I understand, I only understand because I love." — Leo Tolstoy /"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart."  — Helen Keller /"I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more."  — Angelita Lim /"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." — Lao-Tzu /"When love is not madness it is not love." - Pedro Calderón de la Barca /"You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear."  — Oscar Wilde /"A true relationship is two imperfect people refusing to give up on each other." - Unknown/"Don’t let someone to change who you are, to become what they need." - Unknown /"Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." – Bob Marley/"In the end there doesn’t have to be anyone who understands you. There just has to be someone who wants to." – Robert BraultAmbition/"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world." - Harriet Tubman /"Action is the key to all success."  —Pablo Picasso /"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."  — Walter Isaacson /"Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone."  — Billy Cox /"Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here." - Donald Trump /"Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world usually do." - Steve Jobs/"There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality." - Jonas Salk /"If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way." - Suzy Kassem /"When your ambition is greater than your fear, your life will get bigger than your dream." — Farshad Asl /"Let your action manifest your thought, your belief and your passion." - Mohammed Ali BapirFailure/"Every day the clock resets. Your wins don't matter. Your failures don't matter. Don't stress on what was, fight for what could be." -Sean Higgins /"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield/"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy/"The phoenix must burn to emerge." - Janet Fitch/"If you don’t try at anything, you can’t fail. It takes back bone to lead the life you want." - Richard Yates /"Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing." - Denis Waitley /"Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit." - Napoleon Hill /"You build on failure. You use it as a steppingstone. Close the door on the past. You don’t try to forget the mistakes, but you don’t dwell on it. You don’t let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. – Johnny Cash /"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem/"Success isn’t permanent and failure isn’t fatal." – Mike Ditka/"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Oliver GoldsmithHope/"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." - Martin Luther King Jr /"I dwell in possibility." - Emily Dickinson/"Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness." - Desmond Tutu/"I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains." - Anne Frank /"Only in the darkness can you see the stars." -Martin Luther King Jr/"In all things it is better to hope than to despair." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe/"Hope itself is like a star — not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity." -Charles Haddon Spurgeon /"Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the dont's. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me ... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be."  —Shel Silverstein /"Out of difficulties grow miracles." — Jean de la Bruyère/"Hope. It’s like a drop of honey, a field of tulips blooming in the springtime. It’s a fresh rain, a whispered promise, a cloudless sky, the perfect punctuation mark at the end of a sentence. And it’s the only thing in the world keeping me afloat."  — Tahereh Mafi /"A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you've lost everything, there is hope."  — Geraldine Solon /"We can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them."  —George EliotFear/"Fear is only as deep as the mind allows." — Japanese Proverb/"If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment." — Marcus Aurelius /"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." — Nelson Mandela /"If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?" — Confucius /"The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one." — John C. Maxwell/"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less." — Marie CurieInner Peace/"We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves." -Dalai Lama /"If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies." -Desmond Tutu /"Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding." - Albert Einstein /"Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal." -Martin Luther King Jr. /"Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind." -Buddha /"Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul. " -Marcus Aurelius /"To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him." -Buddha